Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Nadia] Seat's taken.
I'm waiting for a friend.
And I'm a girl who paid
a fortune for a good view.
How about I call the rail line.
give you a refund?
You know what's gonna
happen now. right?
[Gregor] We waited a long time
to wipe Citadel
from the face of the Earth.
Who the fuck are you?
[Gregor] The truth...
[Nadia] We were set up.
They're burning Citadel
to the ground.
[doctor] It appears
you're suffering
from retrograde amnesia.
Do you know a man
named Kyle Conroy?
- [Mason] No. Who's that?
- [doctor] You.
[Kyle] Soccer cleats?
- Really. dude?
- School shoes. now. Come on.
[Kyle] These past few months.
I've been having these visions.
They found the Citadel X Case.
- I want you to retrieve it.
- Understood.
What do you want from us?
I'm Bernard Orlick.
We're old friends.
You're telling me I was a spy?
[Orlick] Early this morning.
Citadel's X Case
was stolen.
containing all the codes
to every nuclear weapon
in the world.
- I need Mason Kane.
- Well. I'm not him.
You did have a partner.
Her name was Nadia Sinh.
I think she's dead.
[gasps]
[♪ Nilla Pizzi: "Eternamente"]
[Nadia grunts]
[song continues
with lyrics in Italian]
[pained grunting]
[panting heavily]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
- [straining]
- [Orlick. staticky] Nadia.
Bernard. Bernard. [panting]
- Can you hear me?
- Bernard.
It was a fucking ambush.
Citadel's been compromised.
all of it.
They were killing all of us.
I don't have Mason.
Na-Nadia? Nadia?
- Do you hear. do you hear me?
- I've initiated backstop.
You have two hours.
Make provisions.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- [sighs]
- I've got no choice.
- No. Bernard.
You can't backstop... Bernard.
Oh. f-fuck.
[sighs]
[speaking Italian]
Stop!
[panting] Oh. God. Oh. my God.
Do you need help?
Hospital.
Please.
♪ ♪
[Nadia coughing]
[exhales]
[♪ Fred Buscaglione:
"Love in Portofino"]
[metal clinking]
[song continues
with lyrics in Italian]
♪ ♪
♪ I found my love in Portofino ♪
[song continues
with lyrics in Italian]
[speaking Italian]
You had a bullet in you.
I didn't want to alarm you.
[sighs]
We should go to the hospital.
Hmm.
No need.
Mm.
I can take care of you here.
For as long as need be.
I'm not asking for me.
I'm asking for you.
[chuckles]
[grunting]
[Nadia shouts]
[Vincenzo groans]
[screams]
[laughing]
[both grunting]
- [Nadia straining]
- [Vincenzo shouting]
[pained sobbing]
[Vincenzo panting]
[yelling]
[choking]
[strained yelling]
[labored breathing]
[gasping]
[coughing]
[breathing heavily]
[rapid beeping]
[gasps]
[automated voice. echoing]
Backstop commencing.
Deleting memories.
Oh. no.
[whispers] Go to Valencia.
[breathing sharply]
[rapid beeping continues]
[high-pitched ringing]
[ringing fades]
♪ ♪
"Go to Valencia Asha."
What?
[gasps]
Charlotte Vernon?
[door closes]
[engine starts outside]
[vehicle driving off]
[Abby] A spy? You're a spy?
Uh-huh.
Christ. Kyle.
you can't even remember
to put the toilet seat down.
Now you're Jason Bourne?
- He had recordings of me as another person.
- Recordings?
Kyle. they could be some kind of
deepfakes or Photoshop.
You don't know that's real.
You don't know.
It makes sense. Abby.
Look at all my scars.
Look at why no one came looking
for me after the accident.
I think that
we should tell them.
She should know.
We're not telling her. Bernard.
- Joe.
- We're not telling her.
Do you understand?
Unless you want me
to tell them what you did.
[Abby] So now what?
You're just gonna...
You're just gonna leave us here
and go with him?
We get this case back. I get
to keep you and Hendrix safe.
And that's all I care about.
That's all I care about. Abby.
[Abby sighs. sniffles]
[Orlick] Kyle.
It's time.
When are you gonna be back?
Soon. babe. Soon as he can.
I love you.
So much.
And you know that. right?
I love you. too.
[whispers] Okay.
♪ ♪
Thanks. Joe.
[sighs] What kind of tricks
does this baby have?
Oh. no. this isn't Citadel's.
This is. uh. this is Joe's.
I think it even has an 8-track.
Be safe.
[Orlick] You. too.
[engine starts]
[♪ St Germain: "Rose Rouge"]
[Orlick] There's a secret
Manticore tech lab
on the top floor of that tower.
The case is in their lab.
But the good news is
I'm a genius.
and I hacked into their server
so your biometrics
under an alias are baked into
the backdoor security system.
Put this on.
And lose that.
This is the moment where
I'm gonna raise my hand and say
I need a little more clarity
on the plan here.
You don't need to know the plan.
I definitely need to know.
How could I not
need to know the plan?
Look. I'll guide you. okay?
You just listen to me.
and I will get you through this.
You know. Mason would've
really enjoyed this.
Just saying.
Come on. Suit up.
And go in there
like you own the place.
Own it?
I can't even afford
to park here.
♪ I want you to get together...
[sighs heavily]
[Orlick. over comm] Anders Silje
is decrypting
the X Case's lock
in the lab right now.
His brother Davik is
en route to pick it up.
Get the case. save your family.
All right. nice and steady.
This is the easy part.
[Kyle. over comm] Says the man
with the seat heater on.
[man] Good day. sir.
[Orlick] You're smiling?
Don't do that.
Spies don't smile.
♪ I want you to get together...
[beep]
[Kyle] They teach you that
in spy school?
[Orlick] Yeah. smart-ass.
Just head to the second level.
The X Case has seven key blocks.
Four have been disarmed.
If they unlock all seven.
it's game over.
Fifth key block removed.
[Orlick] Shit.
They've disarmed
another key block.
♪ I want you to get together...
This ain't so bad.
I thought you said
Manticore was good at this.
And just like that.
you're being followed.
All right. come on.
pick up the pace.
Take a left.
I know the lab is
straight ahead.
but take a left. trust me.
Change in plan.
Brother.
How much longer?
Dahlia wanted this hours ago.
Both the Silje brothers
are on-site.
We're minutes away.
You need to get the case.
We're running out of time.
He's closing in.
Get behind the column
on your right.
- Move it along.
- Yup.
This is it. Go.
That guard probably
called for backup.
No time to waste. In and out.
- Yup?
- I'm not gonna ask you again.
Okay. yeah. sorry.
just waiting on a friend.
Behind you.
[grunting]
You're gonna want
to get his gun.
See? Just like riding a bike.
It'll all coming back to you.
- [alarm blaring]
- The case.
I need you to give him one
sharp hit to the Adam's apple.
Yeah. Okay. I'm going.
Good boy.
Right. Okay. Thank you.
[alarm continues blaring]
- [man] Freeze! Freeze!
- [frantic chatter]
[man 2] Level six. Let's go.
[frantic chatter continues]
That's impossible.
[tires screech]
[tires squealing]
[reporter] Authorities believe
a car bomb was detonated
in the underground
parking garage
of this apartment complex
in Belgrade.
home to many United Nations
workers and their families.
We're hearing now
dozens of casualties.
The search is underway
for the perpetrators
behind the attack.
Witnesses recount hearing
a giant explosion
at around 3:20 this morning.
[newscast continues
indistinctly]
[cell phone ringing]
[Davik] Something happened.
[Dahlia] What do you mean.
"Something happened"?
We got breached.
and the case was stolen.
You lost the fucking case?
[Davik] I'm tracking it now.
[Dahlia] Let me make
something clear.
I am a broker.
For the families
who run Manticore.
So when something goes awry...
like someone stealing the X Case
that we've been looking for
for eight fucking years...
everybody puts a bounty
on my head if I don't fix it!
How did the CIA manage to pry it
from your fucking hands?!
- It wasn't the CIA.
- What do you mean?
It was Mason Kane.
Mason Kane is dead.
I saw him.
He's alive.
I saw him. Dahlia.
Bring me the case.
And Kane.
- How did I do that?
- [chuckles]
Because you are Mason Kane.
You see that buckle?
Put your wrist over it.
- [Mason] Mason Kane.
- [beeping]
[automated voice] Tier-One
Operator identified.
Open it.
Ask it to search
for active agents.
Search active agents.
The X Case is the only tech
that can locate
any Citadel agents
who might still be alive.
During Citadel's collapse.
I ordered my protégé.
Carter Spence.
to take the case underground.
Finding it now proves
he didn't die in vain.
We can use this
to take down Manticore.
So we take the case
back to Wyoming.
figure out what to do next.
Yeah. It's a long drive
back to Wyoming. so...
What do you mean. "It's a long
drive back to Wyoming"?
- We can't go back to Wyoming.
- Why not?
Because the minute
you went into that building
and showed your face.
they knew you were alive.
And right now.
every Manticore agent
around the world
is looking for you.
And they're gonna
follow you to Wyoming.
and they're gonna kill you
and your wife and your daughter.
That's why.
You didn't tell me
this would happen.
- I am sorry I didn't mention it.
- What the fuck?
- You told me to trust you.
- Why would you trust me?
I gassed you and your family
in a fucking car.
I'm exceedingly untrustworthy.
I'm a spy.
Where the fuck is he?
[Orlick] Listen. the X Case
was just the beginning.
Manticore is readying for
something cataclysmic.
an endgame.
So the only way
I get to see my family again
- is if we stop them.
- Precisely.
We are two guys in a van
with a briefcase. Bernard.
We're the plot
of Dumb and Dumber.
What's your big plan?
I don't know.
- You don't know?
- No.
What happened to the tech
fucking genius Atlas destined
- to carry the world on his back guy?
- I don't know. okay?
- But Mason will.
- And I'm not Mason.
No. Not yet.
Step on it.
- [tires squealing]
- [horn honks]
What do you mean. "Not yet"?
Stored in that case
are his memories.
- Your memories.
- What?
Every Citadel spy has a chip
placed in their temporal lobe.
That chip uploads your memories
to a Citadel server.
If we can no longer trace you.
we backstop you.
You erase our memories.
Got him. There he is.
But that vial right there.
the one with your name on it.
it can give you
your memories back.
Be careful with it.
It's the only one.
- How do I...?
- Just press it into your neck.
and the fluid runs
into your bloodstream.
Are you fucking with me?
Steady.
Don't you trust me?
Absolutely not.
- Do it.
- [gunshot]
No. no. Hey. Bernard.
[tires squealing]
No. no. no. no. Bernard.
- [gunfire]
- [groaning]
[man] Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God!
- [grunts]
- [siren wailing]
Drop that gun! Hey!
I said drop the gun now!
[grunts]
[man speaks foreign language
over phone]
[Davik] Track Mason.
Find out where he's heading.
Copy that.
Something unexpected
just fell in my lap.
♪ ♪
Fuck! Fuck!
[breathing heavily]
[device trilling]
♪ ♪
[Abby] "He had the reddest hair
Finn had ever seen.
It was redder than a cherry.
Redder than a fire engine.
And as if that wasn't
enough color for one person.
he had a matching beard
full of it. too."
[Abby. recorded] This is Abby.
Sorry I missed your call.
- Please leave a message.
- [line beeps]
[Kyle] Hey.
I'm on a plane
headed for Valencia.
I know that wasn't the plan.
but they're coming for me.
and I can't come back
or they'll find you. too.
The only person who can help me
is in Spain.
A Citadel spy.
I have to find them
to find a way out.
to keep us safe.
Just know that I love you.
all right?
Both of you.
You're all that matter to me.
[line clicks]
♪ ♪
[lively chatter]
- [gentle pop music playing]
- [quiet chatter]
[speaking Valencian]
Do you have a reservation?
I'm meeting a friend.
- I'm so sorry.
- [speaking Valencian] Excuse me. sir. Are you okay?
You're Nadia.
[chuckles]
Perdón. I think
you have the wrong person.
I don't.
I don't have the wrong person.
Señor. you have a good night.
[speaks Valencian]
Eight years ago. Italy.
You remember what happened?
Not here.
[speaks Valencian]
- [speaks Valencian]
- [claps hands]
I just woke up there.
He was already dead.
- It had to be self-defense.
- What are you talking about?
I didn't kill him.
He-he was dead.
I'm not... I'm not the police.
Then who the fuck are you?
Mason Kane.
Top spy. Hot stuff.
I'm just...
Bernard Orlick.
Manticore.
The X Case.
Any of that ring a bell?
You really need to get
out of my way. buddy.
They wiped your memories.
I was on a train
eight years ago in Italy.
There was an explosion.
I was pulled from the water.
I couldn't remember who I was
or how I got there.
You were on that train with me.
- No.
- You were a spy.
like me. for an organization
called Citadel.
I don't know what you're on.
but I'm gonna
walk past you.
through that door.
and if you touch me.
I'm gonna scream. okay?
- Catch.
- [gasps]
Did you just throw
a knife at me?
I thought
you were gonna catch it.
See. Bernard did it to me.
and-and I thought
you were gonna catch it.
and then I was gonna be like.
"Then how come you can do that?"
- Hey. hey. you better back up. You better back up.
- I'm sorry. That is my bad.
- I am backing up.
- No. That's not backing up.
- Back up!
- [X Case beeps]
- [Nadia] Nadia Sinh.
[automated voice] Tier-One
Operator identified.
All right?
- That's...
- You.
Ladies and gentlemen.
- Get the fuck out of here now!
- [people screaming]
¡Andale! ¡Andale!
Kane is here. Find him.
That vial there.
that one with your name on it.
you inject it into your neck.
It'll bring back your memories.
You'll remember everything.
Tell me you've never felt like
you should be somewhere else.
doing something else.
Tell me you've never seen
my face before.
'Cause I've seen yours
for months.
- [gunshot]
- [Nadia screams]
All right.
that was a warning shot.
- Give me the case.
- It's yours.
- It's all yours. buddy. Take it.
- Put it down!
I'm gonna put it down.
I'm putting it down.
- Put it down.
- I'm putting... - [shouts]
[panting]
[Nadia grunts]
I have seen you before.
In a dream.
Come on.
Now what?
[grunting]
Nadia fucking Sinh.
[chuckles softly]
[groans. whimpers]
Stay down.
Hey. look at me.
Remember my brother?
- He says hello.
- [pained screaming]
[groaning]
- [Davik grunts]
- [Nadia gasps]
Sorry.
In the fucking back. Nadia?
Really?
Okay. then.
Let's go.
[straining]
Him. I need alive.
You. not so much.
- Where you going?
- No. please.
- Come here. Come here.
- [screams]
Get up. Sinh.
What's wrong with you. huh?
Why aren't you fighting back?
Been too long. huh?
Forgot how to fight. huh. Nadia?
[groaning]
You dumb bitch.
You should've stayed dead.
You're here for me. asshole.
Yeah. that's right!
It's always about you. huh?
Isn't it? Huh? Huh?
It's always about Kane.
Isn't it?
- You got it now.
- [grunting]
[Nadia shouting]
[panting]
You dumb bitch.
You're gonna wish I was dead.
[grunting]
[Davik screaming]
[panting]
[groans]
[Nadia] Come on.
[Kyle groans]
- Put pressure on it.
- [pained scream]
[both panting]
Did you do it?
Yeah.
I thought Mason was dead.
You remember.
I remember everything.
Mason can never find out.
[sirens wailing outside]
We got to go.
- Do you have him?
- [Davik] I need more time.
Why?
He wasn't alone.
He was with Nadia Sinh.
How is this possible?
What the fuck is going on here?!
I don't know.
Your dipshit of a brother
was in charge of
scouring Orlick's tech
for any sign of survivors.
Yeah. and he did.
We didn't find anything.
You said he had it handled.
Well. lucky for you.
your gift just arrived.
I want Kane here by nightfall.
- Yes. ma'am.
- [line beeps]
I'm so glad you pulled through.
Was touch and go there
for a bit.
We'll find Kane
and the X Case shortly.
I have no doubt.
[sniffs]
But I'm an impatient woman.
The kind of woman
who likes dessert for dinner.
And there are a whole host
of delicious Citadel secrets
we can extract from you
in the meantime.
[exhales]
It's always nice
to reconnect with an old pal.
isn't it. Bernard?
And this will be fun.
You know.
I'm exceptionally skilled
at getting Citadel agents
to turn.
Chin-chin.
♪ ♪
[Kyle] Well. I found her...
the. uh. Citadel spy.
She remembers everything.
- "She"?
- Her name's Nadia.
- Were we together?
- Don't flatter yourself.
[Kyle] Never?
For a century.
you were creating a new order.
A Citadel spy betrayed you.
[grunting. yelling]
[Orlick] Manticore is readying
for something cataclysmic.
An endgame.
- Teach me. Train me.
- You're not him.
[Kyle] I can be.
[Nadia] They know we're alive.
They're gonna come after us
with everything they've got.
[Kyle] So we're about to kill
a bunch of people?
Not your first time. love.
[grunting. yelling]
It was one of your own
who came to me.
[Kyle] You did this.
[Dahlia] We have
eyes everywhere.
We got to go. They found us.
Stay with me.
It gives me great pleasure
to do this.
And this will be fun.
[♪ Mott the Hoople: "Whizz Kid"]
♪ Little whizz kid
mystified me ♪
♪ She was a New York City beat ♪
♪ She came on flash.
monster mash ♪
♪ Motors in her feet ♪
♪ Now. we moved out
from Manhattan ♪
♪ To her home
on the Brooklyn Heights ♪
♪ Her dad's a street punk ♪
♪ And her mum's a drunk ♪
♪ But we made out all right ♪
♪ Far. far from home ♪
♪ Oh. I felt so alone ♪
♪ Could not spin ♪
♪ To the speed of the city ♪
♪ Oh. send me my ticket ♪
♪ I'm too scared to stick ♪
♪ With my little whizz kid ♪
♪ Such a pity ♪
♪ Now. she really
tried her hardest ♪
♪ Just to make me
leave the band ♪
♪ She even hired
a toy rent-a-boy ♪
♪ Straight from
a Times Square stand ♪
♪ Oh. thank you.
little whizz kid ♪
♪ But me and my friends
gotta eat ♪
♪ So get back to school
or the typing pool ♪
♪ Just get yourself
out on the street ♪
♪ You know you're such a gas ♪
♪ Such a gas ♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today